README.md, before:

# <Fixing some features of a website (Module 1 Homework)>

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation? 

In order to learn certain bugs or feature of how a website works, it was important to look over an established website and notify certain problems with it that can be easily fixed.

- Why did you build this project?

This project helped me understand what a semi functional website looks like and what steps and/or direction to take in order to fix certain issues with the website.

- What problem does it solve?

This solves the problem of simple bugs in the code such as how to fix the slow loading picture (as of writing this im not sure if i'll figure it out) and fixing a link that doesnt function using simple code. This shows how easy it is to mistype something or have something be non-functional.

- What did you learn?

I learned that proper labels in the index.html are important in order to categorize and better understand what you are working with. Simply just naming them anything wont work and although it seems as if you may name everything <div> that doesn't mean that your final project should look like this. It may make it harder to navigate or update in the future.

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](C:\Users\Joseph Vanzandt\Desktop\new\Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website\assets\images\Capture-1.PNG)
    ```

    ```md
    ![alt text](C:\Users\Joseph Vanzandt\Desktop\new\Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website\assets\images\Capture-2.PNG)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

Joseph Vanzandt - https://github.com/JosephVz

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

https://josephvz.github.io/Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website/#social-media-marketing

This is the deployed link of the website.

Commit message:

Updated html elements and css according to these elements, updated README.

README.md, after:

# <Fixing some features of a website (Module 1 Homework)>

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation? 

In order to learn certain bugs or feature of how a website works, it was important to look over an established website and notify certain problems with it that can be easily fixed.

- Why did you build this project?

This project helped me understand what a semi functional website looks like and what steps and/or direction to take in order to fix certain issues with the website. Of course it was a homework assignment however i found it useful to help get my foot in the doorway of a coding career, it helps me realize what some of my day to day life could be like if i manage to obtain a career in this field.

- What problem does it solve?

This solves the problem of simple bugs in the code such as how to fix the slow loading picture (as of writing this im not sure if i'll figure it out) and fixing a link that doesnt function using simple code. This shows how easy it is to mistype something or have something be non-functional. This activity also helps solve similar problems in the future and teaches you how to label html, fix css according to the html, and improve somebody elses code.

- What did you learn?

I learned that proper labels in the index.html are important in order to categorize and better understand what you are working with. Simply just naming them anything wont work and although it seems as if you may name everything <div> that doesn't mean that your final project should look like this. It may make it harder to navigate or update in the future. Editing this in the future i learned more of how to connect the html to the css as before it was a bit fuzzy in my brain but now i believe i have a really good grasp of it after this activity.

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

N/A

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

N/A

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](C:\Users\Joseph Vanzandt\Desktop\new\Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website\assets\images\Capture-1.PNG)
    ```

    ```md
    ![alt text](C:\Users\Joseph Vanzandt\Desktop\new\Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website\assets\images\Capture-2.PNG)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

Joseph Vanzandt - https://github.com/JosephVz

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

N/A

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

N/A

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

N/A

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

N/A

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

https://josephvz.github.io/Module-1-Challenge-fixing-a-website/#social-media-marketing

This is the deployed link of the website.
